Rework description of using the app with recent changes (#4679)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/getting-started/index.rst

If it doesn't, just open that link in any web browser.
(Depending on your firewall settings, you may be asked whether to allow the app to receive network connections. It is safe to accept.)

Now you should see the login page for the social network.
For simplicity of this app, there is no password required to sign up or log in.
To learn how to handle authentication, see this blog post about `DAML and Auth0 <https://blog.daml.com/daml-driven/easy-authentication-for-your-distributed-app-with-daml-and-auth0>`_ or the :doc:`full documentation </app-dev/authentication>`.

First enter your name and click "Sign up".
You should see the main screen with two panels for your friends and the entire network.

> Initially these are both empty as you don't have friends yet!

Reviewer: rude!

Go ahead and add some using the text box and add button.

> You'll notice that the newly added friends are under your name in the Friends panel but don't appear in the network panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll notice that the newly added friends are under your name in the *Friends* panel but don't appear in the *Network* panel.
```

> The latter is because 1. they have not signed up and are not parties on the ledger and 2. they have not yet added you as a friend.

Reviewer: inline lists are hard to read imho, maybe split it up over multiple lines?

Author: I might change this later, but I don't want to over emphasise it with a roomy list.

In our social network, friendships can go in a single direction.

> By adding a friend, say Alice, your User contract becomes visible to Alice but not vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding a friend, say Alice, your ``User`` contract becomes visible to Alice but not vice versa.
```

Author: Realised I haven't talked about contracts at this point, I'll reword it.

We will see how we encode this model in DAML in the next section.

> To make your friendships reciprocal, open a new browser window to the same http://localhost:3000 address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make your friendships reciprocal, open a new browser window at http://localhost:3000.
```

(Having separate windows allows you to see both you and your friend's screens together.)
Once you sign up as your friend Alice, you'll notice your name in her network.
When Alice finally adds you back as a friend, you can see her in your network as well.

> (Just open the previous window for this - no need to reload the page!).

Reviewer: It’s hard to keep track of which windows you are referriing to here. Maybe something like “open the previous window where you logged in with your own name”.
